chore: update examples to 0.28.x api (#625)
libp2p/js-libp2p: examples/discovery-mechanisms/README.md

  }
})

node.connectionManager.on('peer:connect', (connection) => {

>   console.log('Connection established to:', connection.remotePeer.toB58String())	// Emitted when a peer has been found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log('Connection established to:', connection.remotePeer.toB58String())	// Emitted when a new connection has been created
```
